change app insights example from key to connection string (#4598)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/observability/tracing/otel-collector/open-telemetry-collector-appinsights.md

## Prerequisites

- [Install Dapr on Kubernetes]({{< ref kubernetes >}})

> - [Set up an App Insights resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-new-resource) and make note of your App Insights connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Set up an App Insights resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-workspace-resource) and make note of your [App Insights connection string.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/connection-strings?tabs=net)
```

## Set up OTEL Collector to push to your App Insights instance

To push events to your App Insights instance, install the OTEL Collector to your Kubernetes cluster.

1. Check out the [`open-telemetry-collector-appinsights.yaml`](/docs/open-telemetry-collector/open-telemetry-collector-appinsights.yaml) file. 

> 1. Replace the `<CONNECTION_STRING>` placeholder with your App Insights connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace the `<CONNECTION_STRING>` placeholder with your App Insights connection string. For additional details on the Azure Monitor Exporter, see the [Readme](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/azuremonitorexporter/README.md)
```
